transport officials look to draw more
passengers to the Clark International
Airport in Pampanga by giving incentives
to Airlines and travelers who use the
facility
patricia deleon reports passengers have
been annoy Aquino International Airport
complain about congestion and numerous
delayed flights especially during
holidays this is in stark contrast to
Clark International Airport which is
underused it's only about an hour and a
half away from Quezon City the airport
has a capacity of four to five million
passengers annually but only eight
hundred seventy seven thousand
passengers were recorded to have used it
last year Maya has a capacity of 4.5
million but it's passenger count is
double its capacity only eight airlines
are operating at the Clark Airport
northern Central Luzon the human flight
still I'm heated indeed Clark
officials say local carriers hesitate to
operate in Clark even though it is
available to them anytime they think
Clark is still underdeveloped compared
to other provinces with tourist
destinations boost in the air name
incorporated from Clark but will a
problemo better we cannot coerce them
even though it means operating at a loss
officials plan to give incentives to
Airlines and travelers who use the court
airport airlines parking and landing
fees will be waived the travel tax worth
one thousand six hundred twenty to two
thousand seven hundred pesos will be
waived for travelers for two to three
years by looking at you money
young the thing here that's part of our
marketing strategy realizing
Nadia has 900 flights daily Clark on the
other hand accommodates 104 flights a
week four million passengers from areas
near Clark still travel all the way to
New Year for their flights leaving at
this Airport almost empty one solution
is to create another passenger terminal
hope
this will yield four million more
passengers and entice more carriers to
use Clark Airport
Patricia delay you Anya nine News